SOMEWHERE OVER
THE ARAGONESE PYRENEES
The dictator Francisco Franco
has been ruling Spain
with an iron fist for 20 years.
Europe and the United States
are absorbed in the Cold War,
and spies and secret agents
travel the world monitoring
the enemy and carrying out
highly confidential missions.
Spain has one of the best.
Here they come.
Look.
Ready?
They are the ones
who need to be ready.
Hell of a kid.
-Isn't it too cold?
-Don't worry about that.
We are about to warm up.
Stop there...
On three. One... Two...
And three!
Sorry,
but you have nothing else to do.
Twenty years.
For 20 years I've been working
day and night,
experimenting to create
the perfect soldier.
Trained for combat and discipline,
who obeys every order
without hesitating.
But the problem with soldiers
is that they used to be men.
And men have ridiculous weaknesses
which, apparently,
they cannot do without.
And a weak soldier
will not serve the objective.
García!
And Ortíz!
Wait.
I'll rid the world of your horrors,
even if it's the last thing I do.
What you call horror, Mr. García,
I call it future.
Shoot them!
Ortíz?
My reports say
that you've never lost a fight.
Your reports are correct.
Until now.
You can't win García.
Not against me.
Any last words, García?
Nothing for posterity?
Not bad?
What?
My father is right,
I'm stronger than you.
-I'm the future!
-You talk too much.
I don't... Talk... Too... Much!
Relax, you're going to be okay.
-Let go of him.
-You just killed my son.
I won't hesitate to blow
your friend's head off.
-Surrender. Now.
-Don't listen to him, Mr. García!
Smash this lowlife's face in!
Men's weakness.
Never forget it, Mr. Ortíz.
And we are back to bring you
the latest news of these tight votes,
that are keeping all of Spain
on the edge.
Tonight we have very special guests
so we can go through every pact,
alliances and strategies.
Madam. Madam. We've arrived.
MADRID NOWADAYS
Thank you.
I'll see you tomorrow at eight.
You wouldn't like me to wait?
No. I'm just going to pick up
a few things and go straight home.
See you tomorrow.
For Christ's sake, Manolo.
What are you doing here?
Catalina... I'm sorry.
-Maybe this isn't the time.
-Or the place.
Indeed.
The Russians. They're seething.
I don't know what to tell them...
-You'll think of something.
-It's... They... they call my home.
They follow me to the office...
They want to know
about the flats in Lloret de Mar.
Now we cannot make
any kind of move.
I know.
With that corruption thing.
I know, I know...
They must wait after the elections.
We'll fix it.
I can't tell them that.
Those people are dangerous.
-You said if there was a problem...
-What?
-Don't you remember about our talk?
-No, no, no.
I didn't say anything at all.
I don't know
what you're talking about
or who those Russians are.
I see...
That's clear, right?
-You are pissing me off now...
-Catalina.
Catalina, please.
-Cash or card?
-Cash.
-Good evening.
-Have a good night, Captain.
Catalina Bellido
New Democracy
-Tell me.
-Can you talk?
Yes, I can.
So how do you feel about
#WithOurCaptainAllTogether?
No. I don't like that.
"Captain Catalina" is better.
-Let's keep that one then.
-Okay. I don't care what you do.
It needs to be a trending topic
before the interview at 12 p.m.
Okay. I'll be updating you.
Captain?
Captain, are you still there?
Hello?
Captain, I cannot hear you?
Captain?
"Wake up, Spain" with Aquilino.
Good morning listeners.
It's been 24 hours
since we've heard the news
of Catalina Bellido's disappearance.
Presidential Candidate.
And what has been done?
What decisions have been made
in this unprecedented crisis?
None.
Spain is on the brink of disaster.
With the elections
around the corner,
the government doesn't dare
to step up.
These vanilla conservatives
aren't going to say the truth.
Today's newspapers say that
Catalina Bellido, our "Captain",
has "disappeared".
...Calling things by their name,
but the decent citizens,
the workers who wake up at 7 a.m.
for this country...
Fuck! Riki!
-What time is it?
-Late.
My father is up.
You didn't set the alarm.
-I have to pee.
-You can piss in the street!
Fuck! Give me a good morning kiss,
or not even that?
A slap is what I'll give you.
You're 23 years old,
why do you keep up with this crap?
-You don't know my father.
-And at this pace I never will.
I'm not asking you to marry me.
I just want you to introduce me.
My father is... He's a very old man,
and very old fashioned.
It's best to tell him gradually.
Soon he'll kick the bucket
and we won't have to tell him.
-I didn't mean to...
-No. No.
-Good morning.
-My dear, how did you sleep?
Yes, yes...
I've made breakfast.
I'll keep you company.
Thanks, Dad.
And you? Did you sleep well?
I'm having a hard time sleeping.
Every noise wakes me.
Did you hear noises?
My dear, at night in these houses
you hear everything.
It's true, I've heard things too.
The people upstairs, probably.
Probably.
...Marxists in the street...
How can you listen
to that fascist?
Aquilino? I like him.
I find him amusing.
They never tell us anything
at the ministry.
Yeah, I can imagine.
Aren't you going to be late?
Fuck! Shit!
Hell of a kid.
-Honey, wait! You're 2-B, right?
-Yes.
So... Here. Take the envelope.
It doesn't fit in your letterbox.
-Thank you.
-You are welcome.
Fuck!
I'm so sorry. So sorry.
Are you okay?
What?
What's your problem?
Are you blind or what?
Didn't you get laid last night?
-You almost killed me, dickhead!
-Calm down, queen.
And smile, it will do you good.
-Moron!
-Slut! Fucking bikes! Move!
-Fucking move!
-I'm on it. Fuck!
Indeed the President of Economy,
Catalina Bellido,
who was front cover of all
the newspapers three months ago,
when the President Seijas announced
he wouldn't seek re-election
and backed the Captain,
as the party candidate.
Although the polls found her
more than likely to win,
her campaign was tainted
by accusations of corruption...
Turn it up!
With the elections only a week away,
the Captain's disappearance
caused commotion
among the members of her party...
The Minister of home affairs,
Hernando.
-Minister!
Mr. Hernando, please! Any statement?
Do you know anything?
-Minister!
-Minister, a question, please!
-Remember what we talked earlier.
-Yes.
If I do the signal
you don't come near me.
-Understood?
-Yes. As you command.
Hernando! Do you know anything
about the Captain?
Minister, please!
-Good morning.
-You confirm it is a kidnapping?
It's a possibility.
It could be a revolutionary group,
linked to the extreme left.
Those accusations are very serious!
Have the kidnappers contacted you
for a ransom?
I can't comment further.
-Thank you.
-Minister!
Mr. Osorio, how do you feel
about the disappearance of your boss?
Devastated.
Ms. Bellido is not only my boss,
she's also my friend.
Are you appointing another candidate
if Ms. Bellido is not released?
The press conference is at four.
Thank you very much.
Please, Minister, one last question.
Mr. Hernando!
-Fuck!
-Look. Take a look.
You heard the declarations
of Mr. Hernando and Mr. Osorio.
Harsh allegations from the minister,
who said left extremists
are surely involved in the kidnap...
Coffee break's over, folks.
Sonia and Raúl, you do
last minute, web and social media.
The rest of you,
I want depth and detail.
Regarding
the extreme left-wing group,
I don't know where Hernando got that,
let's look into it.
Alba, reactions from everyone.
The family isn't making statements,
talk to Osorio.
Gema, talk to the police spokesman.
Get Rodero and I double your salary.
Yes. Yes.
Silvia, opinions from Culture.
Musicians, writers, film directors,
chefs... Everyone.
-Someone who'll badmouth Bellido too.
-Great. Opinions.
Everyone get to work, now.
I have a meeting in 20.
Fuck.
-Antonia?
-Yes, Verdú...
To my office.
-It was only 10 minutes.
-Today.
There was a lot of traffic, but
the press conference was delayed--
Why are you here?
Why are you here, at Crónica 24?
-Because I'm a journalist?
-An intern?
Well, yes.
You got your degree, and good grades,
that's why we took you on.
"Good level of English.
Responsibility, seriousness,
organization.
Very keen to work."
People normally lie
about their English.
It's true.
You can check the English--
You've been here three months,
and when you leave
no one will remember you.
You do what you're told.
And you do it well.
You deliver on time.
I rarely alter your texts.
-But...?
-But this isn't the army.
When have you bothered
to suggest a topic?
Or bring in a story?
-Look at Pablo...
-Pablo?
He joined us at the same time.
He doesn't have your qualifications,
but he grinds, he proposes things.
He goes out with Alonso,
Josep, Ismael...
-With the board if he had to.
-Pablo is an ass kisser,
but he suggested a report
on soccer corruption.
It was thrown out,
but he showed he has attitude.
-I can bring stories better than his.
-And you don't do it because...
Because...
they'd go straight into the bin.
-It's not about being a journalist.
-And what is it about, exactly?
I'll tell you.
When do you finish your internship?
Monday, right?
Well, if they pick anyone,
it'll be Pablo.
What?
Don't act as if you didn't care
because you do.
-Start moving.
-They only give me silly news.
Yesterday, I was writing an article
about Madrid's Top 10 ramen.
-Not bad. We've all been interns.
-Yes, and so is Pablo.
He's working on
extreme left-wing groups.
Verdú says he has "attitude".
What he's got is his head up his ass.
If they don't give you topics,
wake up and bring something.
-Like what?
-I don't know.
You think if I knew I would
still be working about famous people.
Right.
And who is this?
No idea.
Trust me, he's not current.
He's a... better looking version
of Gregory Peck, isn't he?
-Who?
-An actor. Really, love...
-You know what K-pop is?
-No.
Well, shut it.
Look. The postwoman gave me that
this morning.
The envelope has no return address.
It must be for your father.
No way.
He gets all his mail at the Ministry.
Okay, so let's start by focusing
on the details.
Well, it's obviously not advertising.
The paper's really old.
The paper is genuinely old.
There was this as well.
-What is it?
-No clue. It doesn't fit in my pc.
-Maybe it will in yours, it's...
-Old?
Ancient.
-Try it.
-Thank you.
-Nothing.
-What about these numbers?
-Go on, let's hear them.
-Coming.
There are three letters first.
"P-G-N"
-Okay.
-Zero, three.
Four, two, zero.
It could be anything.
A Vietnamese restaurant...
The cell phone
of a university student...
Hey, come over here because...
The church is Isabelline Gothic.
I know this kind of things...
PROTOCOL 5 ENABLED
-What the fuck?
-What do we have?
I don't know. Code 5 alarm went off.
Someone searched the numeric code.
-Do we have the location?
-No but we have an IP.
Track it and find the address.
Look at the corbels.
-The what?
-The corbels.
San Antonio del Río,
like I said. Isabelline Gothic.
In the town
of Pinar de San Antonio.
I wanted to study Art History.
But since that's not employable,
I studied Journalism. Lucky me.
Okay, Pinar de San Antonio.
I'll go and ask if
they know anything about this guy...
Where am I going to get a car?
Come on in. Come on in...
You know that today is the day
for everyone to be here...
Hi. Tell me.
Hi Dad. Listen...
I need to ask you for a favor.
Are you okay? Is anything wrong?
I'm fine. Are you at work?
Can I stop by?
Well, sweetheart, I'm pretty busy.
But we could meet at lunch time.
Brilliant.
Remember, it's Friday.
Oh, that's right.
Will you be there by noon?
Sure.
Great! I will meet you there then.
I'm leaving.
-Fuck, what happened?
-It has disconnected.
Should we warn him, then?
What time is it in Colombia?
SANTA BRÍGIDA, COLOMBIA
Understood? Understood?
Call Quintero. Have him
make the payment. The village is his.
Die, you demon! Die!
Hi? Is it confirmed? Okay.
Send some men after them.
Find out their identity.
Do not lose them.
We will need them for questioning.
We're going back to Madrid.
-Dad?
-It's you.
-Shall I leave you alone for a while?
-No need. Thank you.
What...? What do you tell her?
Silly things. That I sleep badly,
that my bones hurt...
That I'm growing old without her.
-She was beautiful, wasn't she?
-She was.
A neighbor made the dress for her.
-It's still in the attic.
-Seriously?
Of course, my dear.
For when you get married.
Dad, I have to tell you something.
-Well...
-What?
It's just...
Are you using the car this afternoon?
Antonia, the fucking Nazis
have blown up our HQ.
Wait, wait. Riki, are you okay?
Yes, there was no one
when they broke in.
You can't imagine
how bad the place is.
All covered in graffiti,
silicone on locks...
Riki, I'm so sorry.
Things are heating up
with this Bellido thing.
And that bastard Aquilino
is adding fuel to the fire...
-Be careful, okay?
-Where are you?
Let me see.
If you move it, I get dizzy.
Okay, okay. Covering a story.
And how is it going?
Will you get a Pulitzer?
-Shit!
-What's up?
I'm doing a thing for the paper.
I come all the way to the mountains
for a church.
-And it's closed.
-What are you going to do?
Wait!
-A coffee, please? Latte.
-Black?
Coming, sweetheart.
So I came to the world's end
for nothing.
Fucking great!
I don't know. Walk around.
Maybe you find something.
I don't think so.
It's something very old.
It's like... 50 years old?
Someone will help you.
There's nothing left
from that era anymore...
-Wait... Maybe there is.
-See, I told you.
-Riki, I'll call you later. Bye.
-Wait, wait, wait.
SUMMER 1951
Hello, good morning.
Excuse me, could you tell me
if you know this man?
-The one on the center.
-No, dear. He doesn't look familiar.
And you, sir?
Don't bother. He's deaf as a post.
Let's see that photo.
-Come with me. Not here.
-Do you know him?
Are you into stamps?
I have good ones.
History, trains,
Australian fauna, everything...
I have all the ones
from the '92 Expo.
Of Curro, of La Giralda,
of the pavilions...
-Here.
-No. No. Thank you. I'm good.
I'll show them to you later.
Let's have a look at that photo.
Yes, yes. I recognize him perfectly.
It's him.
Excuse me,
do you mind if I take notes?
It was the summer of 1951.
It was a very hot summer.
It was so hot
it felt like raining lava.
My brother Jesús
was imprisoned in a quarry.
Republican prisoners were taken there
to chop stone for The Valley.
Harder! Are you grannies or what?
Come on, commies! Chop those rocks!
Tonight. By the well.
Tell Salvador and Andrés.
You, smartass, move.
He escaped
with three other prisoners.
They were preparing everything
for two weeks.
They nearly got caught.
Shitty commies! Lazy!
But, in the end, they made it.
What a boy Jesús was!
He wouldn't have minded dying
at the front, but there like a dog...
building that monstrosity...
Jesús and I used
to hunt rabbits there.
So they hid in some caves
that we knew.
My mom sent me to bring them food.
I had to get there before nightfall.
But they spotted me.
I thought they were going to kill me
right there.
But then he appeared.
I remember his face.
But I specifically remember this.
Look at the badge.
-What is it? Military?
-No. Something else.
I was petrified.
And so? What did he do to you?
Nothing. He let me go.
He told me to go back to my mom.
And... your brother?
Did you ever see him again?
Never.
I went to my mother
and told her everything.
She hugged me and said,
"You're the man of the house now".
And never mentioned
my brother ever again.
But... why?
Why do you think so, kid?
They killed them right there.
And then, into some ditch
with bag of lime and that was it.
That's horrible.
And did no one look for the bodies?
My mother had already lost one son,
she didn't want to lose two.
There was a lot of retaliation,
a lot of fear.
Those were different times.
And the man that let you go
did you find out who he was?
Only some elders remember
the victims.
But no one wants to remember
the executioners.
Silvia, I think I got something!
I'm trying to reach Verdú, but
he isn't picking up. I'm on my way.
-See ya.
-Let's go.
Don't lose her. Follow her.
Pick up, come on.
What's this guy doing?
Fuck! Fuck!
Verdú, I've barely escaped,
but they've tried to kill me!
-What? Escaped from what?
-From a car, well, a van. I swear.
I am driving, and one
of those dealer vans gets behind me.
I speed up and he speeds up too.
You can't imagine
how hard they hit me.
Right after
I'd been asking about this issue!
-It's fucking crazy!
-Stop! Stop! Stop!
See if I've got this straight.
Someone, we don't know who,
a mysterious hand, sent you a file.
You're investigating a man,
whom you believe was
a murderer 60 years ago.
Exactly!
But you don't know
who he is or his name...
-No...
-And so what do we publish?
The photo of this man
and one of a comb?
Listen! I should go to The Valley,
to the Benedictine abbey.
They must have records
of the prisoners and maybe there...
No. Leave the Benedictine alone.
-Come back and we'll talk.
-What?
So there is a conspiracy
for a story from 60 years ago?
This mess you're telling me
about is interesting,
but I don't see it.
Fine. See you in a bit.
Wait! Do not go in.
Guard the entrance.
Wait till she gets out.
We are sending back up.
Excuse me. Excuse me.
It isn't possible
to access the archives.
They are protected until the end
of the digitalization process.
I see.
And how long will that process take?
I've been here waiting...
As long as necessary.
My newspaper is investigating
the identity of a man--
You can send a request
for access to the archives
when they are available.
Let me get this straight... This...
It's prayer time,
and we are about to close.
ARCHIVES
NO TRESPASSING
This way, come on. Everyone this way.
Hey... Careful, careful.
There you go. The wreath.
Hail queen and mother...
Building started in 1940, okay?
In commemoration
of those who fell in the Civil...
War...
The construction ended in 1958.
It was built by Republican prisoners,
who were sentenced to forced labor.
Many died here because
of the poor conditions...
-Do you hear what she is saying?
-Yes, dear, yes.
That's how they indoctrinate
the people in the schools,
so they hate Spain.
They have no shame coming here
to insult the memory of Franco...
That's what I say!
And thanks to him
there was peace and order.
And people were safe!
Now a junkie can rob you
on any corner.
They complain a lot, but thanks
to Franco we have democracy!
Say it loud and clear!
I'm saying that thanks to Franco
we have democracy!
-Outrageous!
-What? Don't you like democracy?
-Communist! Lesbian!
-Fucking fascist!
Me, a fascist?
Leave me! Let me beat him up!
Come on, let them hear us!
Loud and clear!
Excuse me, Madam.
Enough! That's enough!
5, 51...
Jesus... shit!
Target nearby.
There is an intruder!
I repeat, an intruder!
Catch her alive.
Don't let her leave the grounds.
Fuck it!
Hey you, freeze!
What are you doing? Don't move!
Stop! Stop or I'll shoot!
Stop right there!
No, no, no--
Open the door! I said open it!
Fuck!
Let's go! This way!
-What the fuck?
-She escaped through the window.
Let's go!
Don't let her escape!
Over there, over there! We have her!
Stop or I shoot!
Don't shoot!
The boss wants her alive.
-Don't move!
-Freeze! Don't move!
Don't move!
Fuck!
What are you doing?
I told you not to move!
What are you doing? Are you crazy?
Don't do it! Don't do it!
Stop!
Go after her! Now!
Fuck!
Enough! I want her alive!
Bring the boat! Move!
Stop!
She's entered the cave.
-Hello?
-She's here!
Fuck!
Come on! She's here!
STARTING SYSTEMS
INSERT CODE
-Let go of me!
-Boy!
You've got 30 seconds
to explain what's happening here.
-Please, I can't breathe.
-20 seconds.
CONFIDENTAL
SECRET SERVICE SPAIN
Where did you get this? Answer me!
Someone mailed it to me!
I don't know who sent it!
-Who do you work for?
-A newspaper.
"Crónica 24". Call and verify it.
-What is "Crónica 24"?
-A newspaper.
On paper, but we'll move to digital--
Are you trying to confuse me?
No! I swear I'm not!
When I got the envelope, I thought...
that maybe there was a story,
like "the day I received
a mysterious envelope".
When I started looking,
some guys started chasing me.
They didn't want me to find you.
Who were those men?
They were dressed in black,
and their faces were covered.
-Don't hurt me please!
-I'm not going to hurt you.
Trust me, boy.
I'm one of the good ones.
And I'm not a boy.
My name is Antonia.
And... you... Well...
And you're naked.
-I'm sorry...
-You can stay like that.
But if you prefer to get dressed,
there are clothes in that wardrobe.
Don't let her run away!
What is this place?
If you don't know,
and you were in there...
Shit, you have no idea
about the fucking day I've had.
And there's no phone coverage.
Fuck my life!
Are you sure you're not a boy?
-She's around here!
-Shit!
It's them.
We've got to close the door, now!
No, no! Fuck!
Here!
No! Fuck!
-Yes!
-Let's go! Let's go!
Are you ready?
We've got to get out of here now.
By the way, who are you?
This is insane...
I've been looking for you all day,
well, for your body, or a grave.
And I find you and you're alive
and I don't even know your name.
My name...
I'm--
Quick! Quick!
On your 12. Come on! Quick!
Here! Here! Here!
Securing the target.
-Let me go! Let me go you beast!
-Gentlemen...
Could you please leave
the lady alone?
-Freeze!
-Behind you!
-Careful!
-Drop the gun!
-Calm down. I won't shoot you.
-What?
Back off or I'll kill her.
Surrender.
You filthy bastard!
You're touching my boob.
That's not true.
You don't stop moving. Mother fucker!
Antonia, run!
Now!
NEVER FORGOTTEN, MY GENERAL